because everyone's been bugging me and
sending me messages and comments are
going to show you how to do the look
that I have in practically every video I
talked about products what's on my main
page what's everywhere so pay attention
because I'm only doing this once and I'm
never going to do it again okay first
off start up by putting on your
foundation I'm going to take a 252 brush
and go into the chroma lines pure white
and put this all over my eyelid area
after you use pure white use a 227 brush
with your studio fix and just apply it
as your base eyeshadow when you use your
227 make sure you cover all the white
area because you don't want to see any
weird clown colors so just be careful
with your 224 brush go into wedge a
shadow it's a light tan color this is
going to be used to contour the eye area
and you want to use flick the brush a
little bit you want to use a very very
light amount you don't want to overdo it
because it's just to create a shadow
next up line your brows with a brow
pencil eyeliner anything that you use to
to shape them next up I'm using pale
yellow for my waterline and then i'm
using plank for my lash line for my
later i'm using the 266 brush with black
track fluid line i'm just going to
create a winged look
so I was starting to curl my lashes and
I realized i hain't record which is deed
of me but curl your lashes and then use
a mascara it doesn't matter what mascara
you use you can use just from pro lash
to zoom fix black flash or whatever it's
called and because you're gonna put less
than anyway so it won't make that much
of a difference so mascara any kind
doesn't matter then using a 129 brush
going to buff what are you blush you
know that's gonna leave it in there like
that screw it start off by using the
outer corners of your face I'm still
have favorite that's stupid thing okay
start out by going on the outer corners
of your face and working your way in
using a little circular motion to make
your cheekbones stand out more um I feel
like this makes me look a little thinner
in the face maybe it does maybe it does
oh I'm just going to use this as a mayor
mm-hmm no I better not next up take cute
blush and pop this on the apples of your
cheeks this will I guess give your face
a little bit more color this way you
don't look so flat I use the 150 for my
studio fix today and there's still a
little bit of studio fix on it from what
I used it I'm just going to take that
and just buff out my blush a little bit
just so it doesn't look so because
remember you want to keep it looking
really really natural for my lips i am
using two different liners subculture
and naked liner the subculture is going
to create the outer shape of my lips and
naked liners is going to make my lips a
little bit brighter so start off by
using subculture
then after put on some naked it sounds
funny but it's true and then use viva
glam 5 lip gloss is amazing pop on some
lashes number three is where number
fours will do and then you want to go
into your liner again and cover up the
adhesive
now if you've done every single step
correctly you should look like that
small not like meek that's that's creepy
but you should have a look that looks
like this I know it's not that friendly
for people to laugh like medium to dark
skin but you can still create something
like this by using your own studio fix
still using the white chroma line but
use your studio fix color to use as your
eyeshadow base and then use a deeper
tone actually look pretty cool and if
you do take pictures and send them to me
because I want to see how that looks or
take take a video and show the final
look because i want to see post video
responses though so i'm done and off to
create more videos peace